docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/noise-reduction.md

There are multiple reasons why Renovate may need to "recreate" PRs after you merge another:

1. Conflict with `package.json` (sometimes)

> 2. Conflict with lock files (often)
> 3. If you have configured Renovate or GitHub that PRs must always be kept up-to-date with the base branch

Author: ```suggestion
1. Conflict with lock files (often)
1. If you have configured Renovate or GitHub that PRs must always be kept up-to-date with the base branch
```

We recommend that you enable automerge for any type of dependency update where you would select Merge anyway.
We all know that there are some types of updates that we (nearly) always verify manually before merging, and plenty of others that we don't bother looking at unless tests fail.

> Every time you select Merge on a Renovate PR without manually testing it, you should consider if you can enable automerge and save yourself the time in the future.

Author: I think without the is British-English and with "the" is American-English

> Every time you select Merge on a Renovate PR without manually testing it, you should consider if you can enable automerge and save yourself the time in the future.

Reviewer: We should use American English in our docs. I don't know if either is correct.

> Every time you select Merge on a Renovate PR without manually testing it, you should consider if you can enable automerge and save yourself the time in the future.

Reviewer: Can you decide @rarkins?

> Every time you select Merge on a Renovate PR without manually testing it, you should consider if you can enable automerge and save yourself the time in the future.

Reviewer 2: I prefer to include the "the"
